Update Remnant half of the Remnant/Deep PR (#61)
Zitchas/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant missions.txt

				`	"A group of scientists from the Deep has discovered the Ember Waste."`
					goto discovered
			
			apply
				set "remnant: admitted to helping deep"
			`	Torza's eyes go wide. "Why would you do this?" he asks. "Do you not understand that our secrecy is of upmost importance?"`
			choice
				`	"I don't believe that they will be a threat to you."`
					goto threat
				`	"I'm sorry, but I helped them before coming to understand this."`
			
			`	Torza seems to relax slightly. "This is unfortunate. I can not get angry at you for that which you did not understand. But now that you do understand, seek to not make this same mistake in the future.`
			`	"What do they know?"`
				goto knowledge
			
			label terminus2
			choice
				`	"I helped a group of scientists who were researching the wormhole in Terminus."`
				`	"I discovered that a group of scientists are researching the wormhole in Terminus."`
			
			`	"Do they know how to enter it?" Torza asks, not sounding concerned with this new information.`
			`	"No," you say. "But they know, or at least think, that it is a wormhole, and are attempting to learn how to enter it."`

> 			`	"Well it is unlikely that they will ever learn. The only way to stabilize the wormholes is by using a Key Stone, but I have never heard of one being found in Ancestral space. Learning what these scientists know would still be helpful, though. Would you be able to get us a copy of their findings?"`

Reviewer: Given that providing a batch of keystones from the Hai is a main mission that the player has likely done at this point, it seems odd that Torza would be unaware of a source of crystals outside the waste. His statement is technically true about Ancestral space, but seems kind of naive nonetheless.

Author: Should I add mention of Hai space from Torza or leave it as is?

				accept
			
			label liar2
			apply
				set "remnant: player is surveilled"
			`	"This is good," Torza responds. "Once you have the findings, simply return to the spaceport here and give them to the information desk. We will look over them shortly thereafter." Torza gets up from the bench and shows you out. "Know that you will be watched closely by us from now on, Captain. I commend you for agreed to bring us this information, but we can not allow another situation like this to occur."`
				accept
	
	# Suspicion == 0: Get everything
		# surveillance
	# Suspicion == 1: Get exactly what's asked for no trouble
		# first time, knew after, brought tech
	# Suspicion == 2: Get what's asked for, slight suspicion
		# first time, knew after, no tech || first time, knew before, brought tech
	# Suspicion == 3: Get old info, suspicious
		# first time, knew before, no tech || second time, knew before, brought tech
	# Suspicion == 4: Confronted, get nothing

> 		# second time, knew before, no tech

Reviewer: Thank you for the suspicion numbers cheat-sheet. Very helpful!

Author: Given that I'd constructing the suspicions by adding together various conditions, I can't really take a single scenario and say "this one gets a slight bump or drop" without having even more branching and apply nodes to account for such scenarios. I'd rather just leave things as they are, especially because I wrote Ivan's responses according to these scenarios.

			`	"Sounds like you're making good progress," you respond. "Do you think I could get a copy of your research so far?"`
			
			label "terminus copy"
			`	"A copy?" Ivan looks off into space for a moment. "Well, I suppose since you helped us from losing valuable equipment, I could make an exception for you. I typically don't share findings with those not on my research team until they're finalized. I've been burned one too many times because of that."`
			`	Ivan moves to another filing cabinet and pulls out a number of folders. "This will be for your eyes only. Promise you won't share this with anyone."`
			choice
				`	"I promise."`
					goto digitize
				`	"I'll try."`
			`	"Funny," Ivan says with a blank expression.`
			label digitize
			`	"Let me just get these folders digitized for you, then I can hand you a data chip with everything on it. It'll only be a few minutes."`
			apply
				set "remnant: got deep anomaly research"
			`	Ivan leaves the room with all the folders, and when he returns he hands you a data chip before shoving all the folders back into the filing cabinet. "Well, anything else you need?"`

> 			`	"No. That's all I was here for," you respond. "Good luck on the rest of your work."`

Reviewer: All this sounds really good. That being said, this point right here seems like a great point to add another small branch in terms of trust. From my perspective, if First shows up, asks bluntly for data, and then leaves; that is suspicious to me. Or at least rude. Either way, something that is likely to reduce Ivan's trust.

On the other hand, if First chats with Ivan about his research and stuff, just happens to ask for a copy of the data in the middle, and then continues chatting some more about the research... That sounds like a natural part of the conversation and something that makes First feel more a part of the team.

Author: I'd rather not drag this on for too long. And there's really not much I can think to put after this point. Especially painful would be the face that this endpoint is condensed from various previous branches, meaning that to continue on from here would mean to add more branches to make sure we're talking about the right topic. Either that or we'd need some singular topic that works for any branch prior to this.

			`	"Aside from the strange hull structure, these ships also seem to have a considerably amount of equipment integrated directly into the ships themselves. In-built scanners and ramscoops, for example. Stuff that didn't come up on the surface of the outfit scan but that we can tell is there. The smaller of the two ships you scanned also has some sort of in-built device that we can't make any sense of. It doesn't look like any sort of device that we've seen before, but it takes up a considerable portion of the ship's structure, so it must have some purpose. We'd need to get a closer look to figure out what it is."`
			`	"Do you think I could get a copy of your research?" you ask.`
				goto suspicion
			
			label technology
			choice
				`	"I was wondering what your research on Remnant technology has brought up."`
				`	"Could I get a copy of your research on Remnant technology?"`
					goto suspicion
			branch cubes
				has "Deep: Remnant Surveillance: done"
			`	"Ah. Well, there's quite a bit to talk about." Ivan reclines his chair.`

> 			`	Ivan pulls out a schematic showing the engines you brought. "The engines you brought us are very interesting. We already mentioned to you how they're rather powerful for their size, more so than even atomic engines of a similar, while not producing very much heat at all. Their major downside though seems to be the immense amount of energy they draw. The energy drain is not surpising given that they seem to be improved ion engines, but the fact that ion engines could ever become more powerful for their size than atomic engines is somethign spectacular. The thrusters also seem to have the ability to provide reverse thrust, making any ship with them rather maneuverable."`

Reviewer: I think Ivan might be overselling the Remnant engines a bit with that first statement. In terms of space, the closest atomic thruster to the smelter is the A520 which has both more total thrust and more thrust per ton. Although for the Forge class the comparison seems to be other way around, with the A250 having both less thrust and less thrust/ton. Interesting. I guess whether or not Ivan is overselling them basically comes down to which set of engines he got.

Author: I'll need to rework these anyway to make mention of the slowing resistance.

Reviewer: Do they need to make mention of it? The Deep doesn't have any easy access to slowing tech of any kind, so it seems unlikely that they'd be able to identify that ability within it. Perhaps simply a mention of how they have an unusual design or things that they don't understand the purpose of it.

Author: Well they do have the Inhibitor, so they could have shot at a ship that had the engines equipped with the Inhibitor. Although in that case we need to make sure the player also brought the Inhibitor, which they might not have.

			
			label skip
			`	"Do you think I could get a copy of your research?" you ask.`
			
			label suspicion
			branch cubes
				has "Deep: Remnant Surveillance: done"
			branch again2
				"retrieved information" == 2
			
			`	"A copy?" Ivan looks off into space for a moment. "Well, I suppose since you helped me so much, I could make an exception for you. I typically don't share findings with those not on my research team until they're finalized. I've been burned one too many times because of that."`
			`	Ivan leans over to his desk. "This will be for your eyes only."`
				goto branches
			
			label again2

> 			`	"Again?" Ivan asks. He leans over to his desk. "I like that you're so interested in my research. I suppose it only makes sense with you helping me, but typically merchant captains aren't this interested in following up on odd jobs they do."`

Reviewer: This seems like a prime opportunity for the player to say something about how working for Ivan is far from "just some random odd job." After all, it isn't everyday that a merchant captain gets to help with ground breaking research.

Author: Given that this leads directly into the whole "suspicion" branch, I'd rather not make any changes here, as I think it'd ruin the flow of things.

Reviewer: OK, fair enough.

			label ramble
			`	"With a cube in each of the Remnant systems, I was able to track all their fleet movements, and I've discovered some interesting things. For one, ships either make trips between the three systems, or they leave the cluster entirely for significant amounts of time, often at least a month at a time. There weren't very many ships or fleets that took short trips out of the cluster, say only one or two weeks in length. Seems like they're sending people on rather lengthy missions.`
			`	"Aside from fleet movements, the cubes are able to make low quality scans of any ships in the system. While those individual scans are less than what an outfit scan provides, given enough scans you're able to get a clearer picture. Now there were specific ship models that would suddenly disappear from the sensors without a trace. I knew they couldn't have been jumping out of the system because jumping creates a very distinct signature on the sensors. On top of ships disappearing on the sensors, there were also jump signatures with no disceranble source. My only conclusion then is that some of these ships are capable of cloaking themselves.`

> 			`	"I actually lost connection to the cubes a few weeks ago now, but I've gathered enough information already."`

Reviewer: I'm really iffy about how much data they are getting here, and especially how *long* they are getting data. 

If it was less detailed than maybe I could spin it with future missions that the Remnant were "feeding" it data after they found them, but there's far too much reasonably accurate info here for that. 

Given the mix of:
- Remnant security
- Power of Remnant scanners
- In-game missions already make it clear that they are scanning the player's ship whenever they come in.

They should know at the very least what First is bringing to the planet, how big it is, and whether they took it with them them when they left immediately. Then there is First's definite traceability, and the ease with which Remnant locate them all the time, which suggests either they are tracking first, or have someone following them. 

In any case, those sensor cubes should be found within a day, probably more likely within hours. As such, a more likely series of events is that the Remnant locate the devices within hours, so the devices get a few hours of scans; beyond which all the info they collect is being carefully selected and fed by the Remnant. 

As such, I have two suggestions for modifying this section.
1) Have Ivan mention that they are getting an unusual amount of interference, perhaps the ion storms?
2) Remove the part about jump signatures with no discernible source, and rephrase the section to suspect stealth technology of some kind. 

The rest seems reasonable, and  could be interpreted a few different ways; and that ambiguity is good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"With a cube in each of the Remnant systems, I was able to track all their fleet movements, and I've discovered some interesting things. For one, ships either make trips between the three systems, or they leave the cluster entirely for significant amounts of time, often at least a month at a time. There weren't very many ships or fleets that took short trips out of the cluster, say only one or two weeks in length. Seems like they're sending people on rather lengthy missions.`
			`	"Aside from fleet movements, the cubes are able to make low quality scans of any ships in the system. There seems to be some sort of interference, so individual scans are less than what an outfit scan provides, but given enough scans you're able to get a clearer picture. Now there were specific ship models that would suddenly disappear from the sensors without a trace, usually just as they passed through the shadow of a moon or asteroid, never to reappear. I knew they couldn't have been jumping out of the system because jumping creates a very distinct signature on the sensors. My only conclusion then is that some of these ships are equipped with stealth technology.`
			`	"I actually lost connection to the cubes a few weeks ago now, but I've gathered enough information already."`
```

Author: Removed mention of the cloaking/stealth altogether.

					goto concern
				`	"No, they obtain it by other means."`
					goto other
			
			label reciprocal
			choice
				`	"Yes, but it is no different than me bringing technology from the Republic to you."`
				`	"No, they obtained it by other means."`
					goto other
			
			`	Torza scowls in response to this, but doesn't say anything.`
				goto end
			
			label concern
			`	"What you do with our technology is much of a concern to us!" Torza yells.`
				goto end
			
			label other
			apply
				set "remnant: lied to torza: technology"
			`	Torza grits his teeth. "There are no reports of missing ships or outfits, and the only visitor capable of delivering our technology is you."`
				goto end
			
			label surveilled
			apply
				set "remnant: told about surveillance"
			`	"How are they doing this?" Torza asks.`
			choice
				`	"Surveillance devices have been placed in each of your spaceports."`
				`	"I don't know, I only know that they are."`
					goto secret
			
			apply
				set "remnant: told about cubes"
			`	Torza punches a wall, then relaxes. "Thank you for telling us this. We will search for and remove these devices immediately."`
				goto end
			
			label secret

> 			`	"Whatever methods they are using, we will discover them in due time," Torza says.`

Reviewer: I find it very incongruous that the Remnant would not know about the surveillance devices:
a) They have very advanced scanners and it is already established that they regularly do detailed scans of <first>'s ship (for instance, the Broken JD missions)
b) Virtually all Remnant know of <first>, and they stand out in Remnant society as a stranger. There is no chance that <first> "blends into the crowd"
c) Remnant have a strong familiarity with cloaking devices, and have mentioned that smaller things are easier to cloak than larger things. Personal cloaks for surveillance operatives or devices is not unlikely, but a surveillance starling (when <first> strolls out of town) is virtually guaranteed.
d) Remnant are hyper-security conscious. While they may let <first> buy their stuff and be starting to trust them more, it is highly unlikely that they would let them wander off without surveillance. On the one hand, <first> is still a stranger. One that appears trustworthy, but a stranger nontheless. On the other hand, <first> is a valuable asset for gaining close-up knowledge of the rest of the galaxy that they hithertoo have only seen from a distance. It'd be a shame if such a valuable asset was put out of commission by getting lost in a desert or falling off a cliff or into some piece of machinery or something. 

As such, I consider this surprise and outburt of Torza's is either erroneous, or an act intending to deceive the player.

Author: I actually thought of doing that whole “pull out the cubes” thing here. 

As far as stripping of the license and hostility goes, that’s something I also thought of doing here, but didn’t want to go that far without a go ahead from you.

Reviewer: Go for it. I am *all* on board with having Torza confront the player about the cubes, and possibly stripping license(s) depending on how the conversation goes.
